This application respects and protects the privacy of all users who use the service. In order to provide you with more accurate and personalized services, this application will use and disclose your personal information in accordance with the provisions of this privacy policy. However, this application will treat this information with a high degree of diligence and prudence. Except as otherwise provided in this privacy policy, this application will not disclose or provide this information to third parties without your prior permission. 



Scope of application



(a) When you register for this application account, the personal registration information you provided according to the requirements of this application;



(b) When you use this application network service or visit this application platform webpage, this application automatically receives and records information on your browser and computer, including but not limited to your IP address, browser type, Data such as language used, date and time of access, hardware and software feature information, and web page records you need;



(c) This application obtains user personal data from business partners through legal channels. You understand and agree that the following information does not apply to this privacy policy:



Use of information



(a) This application will not provide, sell, rent, share or trade your personal information to any unrelated third party, unless you have obtained your permission in advance, or the third party and this application (including this application affiliated company) alone or jointly To provide you with services, and after the end of the service, it will be prohibited from accessing all these materials that it has been able to access before.



(b) This application also does not allow any third party to collect, edit, sell, or distribute your personal information. If any user of this application platform is engaged in the above activities, once found, this application has the right to immediately terminate the service agreement with the user.



Information storage and exchange

The information and materials collected by this application about you will not be stored. This application only display those information and materials on your demond.

Email Address: knziha@gmail.com

